gh-120495: Fix incorrect exception handling in Tab Nanny (#120498)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-06-14-20-05-25.gh-issue-120495.OxgZKB.rst

> Fix incorrect Exception Handling in tabnanny. Patch by Wulian233

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix incorrect exception handling in Tab Nanny. Patch by Wulian233.
```
